Ana Monjardino - People - Morais Leitao Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Highlights Expertise People International Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles Contact Us Newsletter About Us Contacts Careers PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us M L M L Highlights Team Genesis ESG Digital defense Tracing cryptoasset transactions Digital Platforms Digital evidence Cybercrime Cybersecurity Class actions Energy transition Risk Management Fit & Proper ML Digital Clusters Tech Transactions Digital Services & E-Commerce Artificial Intelligence Fintech & Blockchain Expertise Practice Areas Administrative and Public Law Expropriations Licensing Public Domain Public Law Litigation Public-Private Partnerships Public Procurement Public Works Contracts Regulation Simplification of procedures Arbitration Mediation Banking and Finance Banking Regulation and Supervision Derivatives Fintech Investment Funds Islamic Financial Law Project Finance Securitisation and Covered Bonds Structured Finance Capital Markets Debt Issues Equity Capital Issues Hybrid Instruments and other Financial Instruments IPOs, Takeovers and other Public Offerings Corporate and M&A Commercial Law Contracts Corporate Governance Corporate Law Mergers, Acquisitions and Joint Ventures Corporate Real Estate and Tourism Construction Real Estate Financing Real Estate Investment and Projects Real Estate Investment Vehicles Tourism Projects Use and Management of Properties Criminal, regulatory offences and compliance Compliance Criminal Litigation International Cooperation in Penal Matters Regulatory offences Data Protection Employment, Pensions and Immigration Employment Law Employment Litigation Social Security and Pensions Environment Environmental Impact Assessment Environmental Licencing Waste and Pollutions European Law and Competition Civil liability actions (private enforcement) Compliance Programmes Constitutional litigation and proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights Control of concentrations European Law and Litigation Practices that restrict competition State aid Intellectual Property Copyrights Industrial Property Litigation Banking and Financial Litigation Commercial and Corporate Litigation Restructuring and Insolvency Insolvency Restructuring Tax Customs Duties and Excise Duties Financial Taxation International Tax Regional and Local Tax Regulatory Charges Tax and General Tax Consultancy Tax Litigation Urban Planning Construction and Land Development Zoning and Urban Planning Industries Agribusiness Banks and Financial Services Construction and Real Estate Defense Energy and Natural Resources Gaming Health and Pharmaceuticals Industrial activities Infrastructure Insurance and Pension Funds Media & Entertainment Private Equity Public Sector Retail and Consumer Goods Sports Telecommunications Tourism and Leisure Transportation: Aviation & Shipping Water, sanitation and waste Wealth Management, Family and Successions Family and Successions Business Solutions Preventive analysys Forensic investigation Assessment.ai Document automation Electronic signature People International Offices Singapore Angola Mozambique Cape Verde Desks Brazilian Desk China Desk French Desk German Desk Indian Desk Other Partnerships Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles About Us The Firm Social Responsibility Awards & Recognitions Contacts Newsletter PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us Ana Monjardino Consultant Areas & Industries Related Content Contact Ana Monjardino joined the firm in 2001 and was a non-equity partner from 2015 to 2020. She is a member of the banking and finance team, acting as a consultant, and is Head of the French Desk . Since 1996 Ana Monjardino has worked on international public tenders, including privatisations, and on several types of operations in the area of project finance, having represented promoters, financing banks (national and international) and administrative authorities, especially in regard to motorway (SCUT and real toll), transport and water and waste infrastructures (both in Portugal and Mozambique). She also works in projects in health care partnerships, aquaculture, agriculture and venues/ticketing. Ana provides a full scope service throughout the life of the projects: tender phase, contractual structuring, negotiation and financing closing, follow-up of the construction and exploitation phases, transfers, project refinancing, restructuring and renegotiation, and general follow-up legal advice to concessionaire companies and state-owned companies pertaining to local and regional administration. Education Dipl&ocirc;me du Baccalaureat (1991). Law Degree (University of Lisbon School of Law, 1996). LL.M. in American Law, IP and Antitrust (Boston University, 1999). Foundations for Business Leadership (IMD Business School, Lausanne, 2015). Integral Communication for Lawyers (Emotional Business Academy, 2019). Training with the law firm Gide Loyrette Nouel in Paris (1996). Languages Portuguese, English, French and Spanish. Memberships Portuguese Bar Association (admitted in 2000). International Alumni Association of Boston University. IMD Business Scholl Alumni. Areas & Industries Agribusiness Banking and Finance Infrastructure Water, sanitation and waste Related Content Awards Recognitions News Legal Alerts Publications Related Content 13.09.2024 Morais Leit&atilde;o strengthens its lead in the 2024 IFLR1000 ranking Morais Leitão was once again distinguished as a Tier 1 firm in the areas analyzed - Banking and Finance, Capital Markets (Debt and Equity),... Read More 14.09.2023 Morais Leit&atilde;o renews its lead in the IFLR1000 ranking The IFLR1000 ranking published its results, highlighting Morais Leitão in all the researched areas. The results of the IFLR1000 directory were... Read More 05.09.2022 Morais Leit&atilde;o leads the IFLR1000 individual ranking Morais Leitão is the Portuguese law firm with the largest number of individual classifications in the prestigious IFLR1000 ranking. There are 27... Read More Contact back Assistant Eleonora Silva T +351 213 826 619 Send message Save vCard Download CV back Patrons of the Serralves Foundation's National Contemporary Art Collection Cookie Settings Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Illegal use of name/ brand Code of ethics, integrity and compliance © 2024 Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados - Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL. All rights reserved. Created by AC Brand Design . Developed by SOFTWAY . close * Compulsory field Message disclaimer We welcome your message. Please understand that, if you are not already a client at Morais Leit&atilde;o, we cannot represent you until we verify that doing so would not create a conflict of interest and is otherwise consistent with our policies. Accordingly, please do not include any confidential information until we certify that the firm is in a position to represent you and our engagement is confirmed. I agree to the Privacy Policy of Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados, which I have read and understood. Send &times; Search Suggestions based on your search term: Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge