Ana Pedro de Castro - People - Morais Leitao Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Highlights Expertise People International Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles Contact Us Newsletter About Us Contacts Careers PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us M L M L Highlights Team Genesis ESG Digital defense Tracing cryptoasset transactions Digital Platforms Digital evidence Cybercrime Cybersecurity Class actions Energy transition Risk Management Fit & Proper ML Digital Clusters Tech Transactions Digital Services & E-Commerce Artificial Intelligence Fintech & Blockchain Expertise Practice Areas Administrative and Public Law Expropriations Licensing Public Domain Public Law Litigation Public-Private Partnerships Public Procurement Public Works Contracts Regulation Simplification of procedures Arbitration Mediation Banking and Finance Banking Regulation and Supervision Derivatives Fintech Investment Funds Islamic Financial Law Project Finance Securitisation and Covered Bonds Structured Finance Capital Markets Debt Issues Equity Capital Issues Hybrid Instruments and other Financial Instruments IPOs, Takeovers and other Public Offerings Corporate and M&A Commercial Law Contracts Corporate Governance Corporate Law Mergers, Acquisitions and Joint Ventures Corporate Real Estate and Tourism Construction Real Estate Financing Real Estate Investment and Projects Real Estate Investment Vehicles Tourism Projects Use and Management of Properties Criminal, regulatory offences and compliance Compliance Criminal Litigation International Cooperation in Penal Matters Regulatory offences Data Protection Employment, Pensions and Immigration Employment Law Employment Litigation Social Security and Pensions Environment Environmental Impact Assessment Environmental Licencing Waste and Pollutions European Law and Competition Civil liability actions (private enforcement) Compliance Programmes Constitutional litigation and proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights Control of concentrations European Law and Litigation Practices that restrict competition State aid Intellectual Property Copyrights Industrial Property Litigation Banking and Financial Litigation Commercial and Corporate Litigation Restructuring and Insolvency Insolvency Restructuring Tax Customs Duties and Excise Duties Financial Taxation International Tax Regional and Local Tax Regulatory Charges Tax and General Tax Consultancy Tax Litigation Urban Planning Construction and Land Development Zoning and Urban Planning Industries Agribusiness Banks and Financial Services Construction and Real Estate Defense Energy and Natural Resources Gaming Health and Pharmaceuticals Industrial activities Infrastructure Insurance and Pension Funds Media & Entertainment Private Equity Public Sector Retail and Consumer Goods Sports Telecommunications Tourism and Leisure Transportation: Aviation & Shipping Water, sanitation and waste Wealth Management, Family and Successions Family and Successions Business Solutions Preventive analysys Forensic investigation Assessment.ai Document automation Electronic signature People International Offices Singapore Angola Mozambique Cape Verde Desks Brazilian Desk China Desk French Desk German Desk Indian Desk Other Partnerships Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles About Us The Firm Social Responsibility Awards & Recognitions Contacts Newsletter PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us Ana Pedro de Castro Innovation and Knowledge Direction Areas & Industries Contact Ana Pedro de Castro joined the firm in 2019. She is a member of the Innovation and Knowledge Direction Team. Ana is responsible for the coordination and project management involving the set-up and implementation of new working methodologies combining the integration of legal tech and artificial intelligence tools in the procedures or legal tasks in connection with corporate and M&A , competition, criminal and compliance (forensic investigation). Before joining Morais Leit&atilde;o, Ana was a Senior Lawyer at AVM (2012-2018). Between 2001 and 2006, she worked as associate lawyer at Miranda and as a consultant at PWC. She focused her practice in Lusophone Africa and Equatorial Guinea jurisdictions, advising clients in different practice areas, such as, corporate, oil & gas, foreign investment, employment and corporate immigration. She was Deputy of the Minister of Justice (2006-2009) and Advisor of the State Secretary of the Presidency of the Council of Ministers (2009-2011). Ana participated in the design and execution of several public policies, notably on cutting red tape and has experience on legistics and legislative procedure. Education Law Degree (University of Lisbon School of Law, 2001). Postgraduate Studies in Securities Law (University of Lisbon School of Law, 2001). Postgraduate Studies Course in Legistics and Legislation Science (ICJP - University of Lisbon School of Law, 2007). Languages Portuguese, English and Spanish. Memberships Portuguese Bar Association (admitted in 2003). Contact back Assistant T +351 210 091 787 Send message Save vCard Download CV back Patrons of the Serralves Foundation's National Contemporary Art Collection Cookie Settings Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Illegal use of name/ brand Code of ethics, integrity and compliance © 2024 Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados - Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL. All rights reserved. Created by AC Brand Design . Developed by SOFTWAY . close * Compulsory field Message disclaimer We welcome your message. Please understand that, if you are not already a client at Morais Leit&atilde;o, we cannot represent you until we verify that doing so would not create a conflict of interest and is otherwise consistent with our policies. Accordingly, please do not include any confidential information until we certify that the firm is in a position to represent you and our engagement is confirmed. I agree to the Privacy Policy of Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados, which I have read and understood. Send &times; Search Suggestions based on your search term: Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge