Ana Isabel Seabra - People - Morais Leitao Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Highlights Expertise People International Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles Contact Us Newsletter About Us Contacts Careers PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us M L M L Highlights Team Genesis ESG Digital defense Tracing cryptoasset transactions Digital Platforms Digital evidence Cybercrime Cybersecurity Class actions Energy transition Risk Management Fit & Proper ML Digital Clusters Tech Transactions Digital Services & E-Commerce Artificial Intelligence Fintech & Blockchain Expertise Practice Areas Administrative and Public Law Expropriations Licensing Public Domain Public Law Litigation Public-Private Partnerships Public Procurement Public Works Contracts Regulation Simplification of procedures Arbitration Mediation Banking and Finance Banking Regulation and Supervision Derivatives Fintech Investment Funds Islamic Financial Law Project Finance Securitisation and Covered Bonds Structured Finance Capital Markets Debt Issues Equity Capital Issues Hybrid Instruments and other Financial Instruments IPOs, Takeovers and other Public Offerings Corporate and M&A Commercial Law Contracts Corporate Governance Corporate Law Mergers, Acquisitions and Joint Ventures Corporate Real Estate and Tourism Construction Real Estate Financing Real Estate Investment and Projects Real Estate Investment Vehicles Tourism Projects Use and Management of Properties Criminal, regulatory offences and compliance Compliance Criminal Litigation International Cooperation in Penal Matters Regulatory offences Data Protection Employment, Pensions and Immigration Employment Law Employment Litigation Social Security and Pensions Environment Environmental Impact Assessment Environmental Licencing Waste and Pollutions European Law and Competition Civil liability actions (private enforcement) Compliance Programmes Constitutional litigation and proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights Control of concentrations European Law and Litigation Practices that restrict competition State aid Intellectual Property Copyrights Industrial Property Litigation Banking and Financial Litigation Commercial and Corporate Litigation Restructuring and Insolvency Insolvency Restructuring Tax Customs Duties and Excise Duties Financial Taxation International Tax Regional and Local Tax Regulatory Charges Tax and General Tax Consultancy Tax Litigation Urban Planning Construction and Land Development Zoning and Urban Planning Industries Agribusiness Banks and Financial Services Construction and Real Estate Defense Energy and Natural Resources Gaming Health and Pharmaceuticals Industrial activities Infrastructure Insurance and Pension Funds Media & Entertainment Private Equity Public Sector Retail and Consumer Goods Sports Telecommunications Tourism and Leisure Transportation: Aviation & Shipping Water, sanitation and waste Wealth Management, Family and Successions Family and Successions Business Solutions Preventive analysys Forensic investigation Assessment.ai Document automation Electronic signature People International Offices Singapore Angola Mozambique Cape Verde Desks Brazilian Desk China Desk French Desk German Desk Indian Desk Other Partnerships Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles About Us The Firm Social Responsibility Awards & Recognitions Contacts Newsletter PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us Ana Isabel Seabra Senior Lawyer Areas & Industries Related Content Contact Ana Isabel Seabra joined the firm in 2006. She is a member of the corporate and M&A team Morais Leit&atilde;o, Galv&atilde;o Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados. Ana Isabel Seabra has developed her professional activity in the areas of commercial, corporate and contracts law, in particular general legal advice, acquisition and disposal of companies, creation and implementation of partnerships and drafting of contracts. A major part of her practice is also dedicated to the energy market (natural gas sector), namely in matters of operational and regulatory nature. Ana Isabel also provides advice in the area of consumer law. Ana Isabel also provides legal consultancy in the area of data protection, assisting clients in the process of definition, legalisation and structuring of data processing operations and activities (such as customer management, human resource management, marketing, call centers, handling of special data categories, geolocation), audits and preparation and review of contractual clauses, privacy policies and data protection and privacy notices. From 1998 to 2005 she practised law at Os&oacute;rio de Castro, Verde Pinho, Vieira Peres, Lobo Xavier e Associados &ndash; Sociedade de Advogados. Education Law Degree (Cat&oacute;lica Porto School of Law, 1997). Postgraduate Studies in Consumer Law (Coimbra Faculty of Law, 1999). MBA (Cat&oacute;lica Porto Business School, 2002). Certified Privacy Professional/Europe (International Association of Privacy Professionals, 2018). Certified Information Privacy Manager (International Association of Privacy Professionals, 2018). Advanced Training Course on Information Technology and Cybersecurity (Instituto Superior T&eacute;cnico, 2020). Executive Training Business Academy for Lawyers (Nova School of Business & Economics, 2020). Languages Portuguese, English and Spanish. Memberships Portuguese Bar Association (admitted in 1999). International Association of Privacy Professionals (2018). Areas & Industries Corporate and M&A Data Protection Energy and Natural Resources Infrastructure Retail and Consumer Goods Related Content News Related Content 12.05.2023 Distribui&ccedil;&atilde;o Hoje Mariana Soares David and Ana Isabel Seabra write for Distribui&ccedil;&atilde;o Hoje Mariana Soares David and Ana Isabel Seabra signed the opinion article entitled "The polyvalence of the right of withdrawal: consumer protection... Read More Contact back Assistant Alexandra Martins T +351 226 166 952 Send message Save vCard Download CV back Patrons of the Serralves Foundation's National Contemporary Art Collection Cookie Settings Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Illegal use of name/ brand Code of ethics, integrity and compliance © 2024 Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados - Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL. All rights reserved. Created by AC Brand Design . Developed by SOFTWAY . close * Compulsory field Message disclaimer We welcome your message. Please understand that, if you are not already a client at Morais Leit&atilde;o, we cannot represent you until we verify that doing so would not create a conflict of interest and is otherwise consistent with our policies. Accordingly, please do not include any confidential information until we certify that the firm is in a position to represent you and our engagement is confirmed. I agree to the Privacy Policy of Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados, which I have read and understood. Send &times; Search Suggestions based on your search term: Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge