André de Sousa Vieira - People - Morais Leitao Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Highlights Expertise People International Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles Contact Us Newsletter About Us Contacts Careers PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us M L M L Highlights Team Genesis ESG Digital defense Tracing cryptoasset transactions Digital Platforms Digital evidence Cybercrime Cybersecurity Class actions Energy transition Risk Management Fit & Proper ML Digital Clusters Tech Transactions Digital Services & E-Commerce Artificial Intelligence Fintech & Blockchain Expertise Practice Areas Administrative and Public Law Expropriations Licensing Public Domain Public Law Litigation Public-Private Partnerships Public Procurement Public Works Contracts Regulation Simplification of procedures Arbitration Mediation Banking and Finance Banking Regulation and Supervision Derivatives Fintech Investment Funds Islamic Financial Law Project Finance Securitisation and Covered Bonds Structured Finance Capital Markets Debt Issues Equity Capital Issues Hybrid Instruments and other Financial Instruments IPOs, Takeovers and other Public Offerings Corporate and M&A Commercial Law Contracts Corporate Governance Corporate Law Mergers, Acquisitions and Joint Ventures Corporate Real Estate and Tourism Construction Real Estate Financing Real Estate Investment and Projects Real Estate Investment Vehicles Tourism Projects Use and Management of Properties Criminal, regulatory offences and compliance Compliance Criminal Litigation International Cooperation in Penal Matters Regulatory offences Data Protection Employment, Pensions and Immigration Employment Law Employment Litigation Social Security and Pensions Environment Environmental Impact Assessment Environmental Licencing Waste and Pollutions European Law and Competition Civil liability actions (private enforcement) Compliance Programmes Constitutional litigation and proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights Control of concentrations European Law and Litigation Practices that restrict competition State aid Intellectual Property Copyrights Industrial Property Litigation Banking and Financial Litigation Commercial and Corporate Litigation Restructuring and Insolvency Insolvency Restructuring Tax Customs Duties and Excise Duties Financial Taxation International Tax Regional and Local Tax Regulatory Charges Tax and General Tax Consultancy Tax Litigation Urban Planning Construction and Land Development Zoning and Urban Planning Industries Agribusiness Banks and Financial Services Construction and Real Estate Defense Energy and Natural Resources Gaming Health and Pharmaceuticals Industrial activities Infrastructure Insurance and Pension Funds Media & Entertainment Private Equity Public Sector Retail and Consumer Goods Sports Telecommunications Tourism and Leisure Transportation: Aviation & Shipping Water, sanitation and waste Wealth Management, Family and Successions Family and Successions Business Solutions Preventive analysys Forensic investigation Assessment.ai Document automation Electronic signature People International Offices Singapore Angola Mozambique Cape Verde Desks Brazilian Desk China Desk French Desk German Desk Indian Desk Other Partnerships Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles About Us The Firm Social Responsibility Awards & Recognitions Contacts Newsletter PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us Andr&eacute; de Sousa Vieira Partner Areas & Industries Related Content Contact Andr&eacute; is a Partner in the Project Development and Finance Group ( Energy , Resources and Infrastructure ) at Morais Leit&atilde;o since 2020, currently leading the firm&rsquo;s Singapore office. Prior to joining Morais Leit&atilde;o, he was with Clifford Chance LLP in its London office between 2010 and 2020, where he was a member of the Worldwide Projects Group and of the Africa Group, having also assumed the position of co-head for Clifford Chance Portuguese and Lusophone Africa's practice and strategy. Andr&eacute; de Sousa Vieira is particularly recognised for advising international project finance transactions in the Energy, Natural Resources and Infrastructure sectors, having represented project developers, investors, lenders (DFIs, ECAs and commercial banks) and governments. He has worked on many first-of-their-kind across the globe, but predominantly in Europe, Asia and Sub-Saharan Africa with a special focus on the Portuguese-speaking African countries. Over the years, he has been a lecturer and researcher at various institutions, including the Portuguese Catholic University (Lisbon, Portugal), the Agostinho Neto University (Luanda, Angola), the University of Barcelona, and the Harvard Law School (Cambridge, USA). He is also a member of the Bretton Woods Committee (Washington, USA), where he collaborates with the Climate and Energy Transition Finance Group. Andr&eacute; is admitted as a lawyer in Portugal, England & Wales, Spain and Singapore (RFL). "very good practitioner" Chambers Global Education LL.B., Portuguese Catholic University Law School, post-graduation in Business Law at ESADE Business & Law School, LL.M. at Pompeu Fabra University Law School, M.Sc. in Financial Economics, Barcelona University Economics School. Visiting Researcher ( prae-doc ) at Harvard Law School. PhD in International Financial Law at the University of Barcelona ( PhD Excelence Award ). Languages Portuguese, English and Spanish. Memberships Portuguese Bar Association. Law Society of England and Wales. Spanish Bar Association. The Law Society of Singapore (RFL). Royal European Academy of Doctors. Bretton Woods Committee. Areas & Industries Banking and Finance Energy and Natural Resources Infrastructure Related Content Awards Recognitions News Legal Alerts Publications Related Content 15.02.2024 Morais Leit&atilde;o tops the Chambers Global Legal Guide 2024 directory The results of the "Global Legal Guide 2024", published by the renowned Chambers and Partners directory, were released today. Morais Leitão is at... Read More 19.04.2023 Morais Leit&atilde;o launches Singapore office Morais Leitão will open a new office in Singapore in May 2023, in yet another significant step in its internationalization strategy. This opening... Read More 12.04.2023 Legal 500 | Morais Leit&atilde;o sees lawyers recognised in twenty practice areas The results of the Legal 500 ranking were published today. Morais Leitão has distinguished lawyers in twenty practice areas: Banking & Finance,... Read More Contact back Assistant Carla Isabelinho T +351 213 826 616 Send message Save vCard Download CV back Patrons of the Serralves Foundation's National Contemporary Art Collection Cookie Settings Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Illegal use of name/ brand Code of ethics, integrity and compliance © 2024 Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados - Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL. All rights reserved. Created by AC Brand Design . Developed by SOFTWAY . close * Compulsory field Message disclaimer We welcome your message. Please understand that, if you are not already a client at Morais Leit&atilde;o, we cannot represent you until we verify that doing so would not create a conflict of interest and is otherwise consistent with our policies. Accordingly, please do not include any confidential information until we certify that the firm is in a position to represent you and our engagement is confirmed. I agree to the Privacy Policy of Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados, which I have read and understood. Send &times; Search Suggestions based on your search term: Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge