Andreia Guerreiro - People - Morais Leitao Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Highlights Expertise People International Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles Contact Us Newsletter About Us Contacts Careers PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us M L M L Highlights Team Genesis ESG Digital defense Tracing cryptoasset transactions Digital Platforms Digital evidence Cybercrime Cybersecurity Class actions Energy transition Risk Management Fit & Proper ML Digital Clusters Tech Transactions Digital Services & E-Commerce Artificial Intelligence Fintech & Blockchain Expertise Practice Areas Administrative and Public Law Expropriations Licensing Public Domain Public Law Litigation Public-Private Partnerships Public Procurement Public Works Contracts Regulation Simplification of procedures Arbitration Mediation Banking and Finance Banking Regulation and Supervision Derivatives Fintech Investment Funds Islamic Financial Law Project Finance Securitisation and Covered Bonds Structured Finance Capital Markets Debt Issues Equity Capital Issues Hybrid Instruments and other Financial Instruments IPOs, Takeovers and other Public Offerings Corporate and M&A Commercial Law Contracts Corporate Governance Corporate Law Mergers, Acquisitions and Joint Ventures Corporate Real Estate and Tourism Construction Real Estate Financing Real Estate Investment and Projects Real Estate Investment Vehicles Tourism Projects Use and Management of Properties Criminal, regulatory offences and compliance Compliance Criminal Litigation International Cooperation in Penal Matters Regulatory offences Data Protection Employment, Pensions and Immigration Employment Law Employment Litigation Social Security and Pensions Environment Environmental Impact Assessment Environmental Licencing Waste and Pollutions European Law and Competition Civil liability actions (private enforcement) Compliance Programmes Constitutional litigation and proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights Control of concentrations European Law and Litigation Practices that restrict competition State aid Intellectual Property Copyrights Industrial Property Litigation Banking and Financial Litigation Commercial and Corporate Litigation Restructuring and Insolvency Insolvency Restructuring Tax Customs Duties and Excise Duties Financial Taxation International Tax Regional and Local Tax Regulatory Charges Tax and General Tax Consultancy Tax Litigation Urban Planning Construction and Land Development Zoning and Urban Planning Industries Agribusiness Banks and Financial Services Construction and Real Estate Defense Energy and Natural Resources Gaming Health and Pharmaceuticals Industrial activities Infrastructure Insurance and Pension Funds Media & Entertainment Private Equity Public Sector Retail and Consumer Goods Sports Telecommunications Tourism and Leisure Transportation: Aviation & Shipping Water, sanitation and waste Wealth Management, Family and Successions Family and Successions Business Solutions Preventive analysys Forensic investigation Assessment.ai Document automation Electronic signature People International Offices Singapore Angola Mozambique Cape Verde Desks Brazilian Desk China Desk French Desk German Desk Indian Desk Other Partnerships Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles About Us The Firm Social Responsibility Awards & Recognitions Contacts Newsletter PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us Andreia Guerreiro Partner Areas & Industries Related Content Contact Andreia Guerreiro joined the firm in 2006 and became a non-equity partner in 2018. She is a member of the litigation and arbitration team, developing her professional activity specifically in the areas of civil and commercial law . She is a member of the insurance and reinsurance group. She represents domestic and international clients regarding civil and commercial proceedings. She also provides day-to-day consultancy on all matters of civil and commercial law to several clients concerning various sectors, including industry, energy, construction, infrastructure, water supply and sanitation, food, product liability, media and publicity. Andreia Guerreiro acts as a lawyer in arbitration, ad hoc or institutional, particularly relating to civil and commercial arbitration regarding matters such as insurances, public-private partnerships, restore of the economic and financial balance. She also has extensive experience in insurance law (litigation), successions law and in registry and notary practice. Between 2001 and 2004 she taught subjects related to criminal law and real estate law at Universidade Independente. From 1999 to 2005 Andreia Guerreiro practised law at Os&oacute;rio de Castro, Verde Pinho, Vieira Peres, Lobo Xavier and Associates Law Firm. Education Law Degree (University of Lisbon School of Law, 1998). LL.M. in International Trade and Business Law (Cat&oacute;lica Lisbon School of Law, 2009). Languages Portuguese and English. Memberships Portuguese Bar Association (admitted in 2000). Areas & Industries Arbitration Infrastructure Insurance and Pension Funds Litigation Water, sanitation and waste Wealth Management, Family and Successions Related Content Awards Recognitions News Publications Related Content 14.10.2024 Andreia Guerreiro talks about the transmission of digital assets in inheritances The article entitled ‘How are digital assets transmitted in inheritances?’, published in Jornal de Negócios, addresses the issue of the tran... Read More 18.11.2021 Morais Leit&atilde;o at the top of the "Best Lawyers in Portugal 2022" directory Morais Leitão is ranked at the top of "Best Lawyers in Portugal 2022", being classified as Law firm of the Year in the categories of "Administrative... Read More 19.11.2020 Morais Leit&atilde;o highlighted in the 11th edition of "Best Lawyers" directory In the 2021 edition of the Best Lawyers directory, Morais Leitão stands out again, being recognized in more areas than any other firm in Portugal.... Read More Contact back Assistant Vanessa Guerreiro T +351 210 091 738 Send message Save vCard Download CV back Patrons of the Serralves Foundation's National Contemporary Art Collection Cookie Settings Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Illegal use of name/ brand Code of ethics, integrity and compliance © 2024 Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados - Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL. All rights reserved. Created by AC Brand Design . Developed by SOFTWAY . close * Compulsory field Message disclaimer We welcome your message. Please understand that, if you are not already a client at Morais Leit&atilde;o, we cannot represent you until we verify that doing so would not create a conflict of interest and is otherwise consistent with our policies. Accordingly, please do not include any confidential information until we certify that the firm is in a position to represent you and our engagement is confirmed. I agree to the Privacy Policy of Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados, which I have read and understood. Send &times; Search Suggestions based on your search term: Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge