Andreia Bento Simões - People - Morais Leitao Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Highlights Expertise People International Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles Contact Us Newsletter About Us Contacts Careers PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us M L M L Highlights Team Genesis ESG Digital defense Tracing cryptoasset transactions Digital Platforms Digital evidence Cybercrime Cybersecurity Class actions Energy transition Risk Management Fit & Proper ML Digital Clusters Tech Transactions Digital Services & E-Commerce Artificial Intelligence Fintech & Blockchain Expertise Practice Areas Administrative and Public Law Expropriations Licensing Public Domain Public Law Litigation Public-Private Partnerships Public Procurement Public Works Contracts Regulation Simplification of procedures Arbitration Mediation Banking and Finance Banking Regulation and Supervision Derivatives Fintech Investment Funds Islamic Financial Law Project Finance Securitisation and Covered Bonds Structured Finance Capital Markets Debt Issues Equity Capital Issues Hybrid Instruments and other Financial Instruments IPOs, Takeovers and other Public Offerings Corporate and M&A Commercial Law Contracts Corporate Governance Corporate Law Mergers, Acquisitions and Joint Ventures Corporate Real Estate and Tourism Construction Real Estate Financing Real Estate Investment and Projects Real Estate Investment Vehicles Tourism Projects Use and Management of Properties Criminal, regulatory offences and compliance Compliance Criminal Litigation International Cooperation in Penal Matters Regulatory offences Data Protection Employment, Pensions and Immigration Employment Law Employment Litigation Social Security and Pensions Environment Environmental Impact Assessment Environmental Licencing Waste and Pollutions European Law and Competition Civil liability actions (private enforcement) Compliance Programmes Constitutional litigation and proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights Control of concentrations European Law and Litigation Practices that restrict competition State aid Intellectual Property Copyrights Industrial Property Litigation Banking and Financial Litigation Commercial and Corporate Litigation Restructuring and Insolvency Insolvency Restructuring Tax Customs Duties and Excise Duties Financial Taxation International Tax Regional and Local Tax Regulatory Charges Tax and General Tax Consultancy Tax Litigation Urban Planning Construction and Land Development Zoning and Urban Planning Industries Agribusiness Banks and Financial Services Construction and Real Estate Defense Energy and Natural Resources Gaming Health and Pharmaceuticals Industrial activities Infrastructure Insurance and Pension Funds Media & Entertainment Private Equity Public Sector Retail and Consumer Goods Sports Telecommunications Tourism and Leisure Transportation: Aviation & Shipping Water, sanitation and waste Wealth Management, Family and Successions Family and Successions Business Solutions Preventive analysys Forensic investigation Assessment.ai Document automation Electronic signature People International Offices Singapore Angola Mozambique Cape Verde Desks Brazilian Desk China Desk French Desk German Desk Indian Desk Other Partnerships Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles About Us The Firm Social Responsibility Awards & Recognitions Contacts Newsletter PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us Andreia Bento Sim&otilde;es Managing Associate Areas & Industries Related Content Contact Andreia Bento Sim&otilde;es joined the firm in 2016. She is a member of the corporate real estate and tourism department. Andreia worked in Miranda & Associados (2011-2016) and in Caiado Guerreiro & Associados (2006-2011) in the corporate and real estate departments. Andreia provides legal assistance to both national and foreign investors on corporate real estate transactions, including the development, restructuring and sale and purchase of shopping centres, retail parks, offices, and logistic, residential and tourism projects. She has also experience in the negotiation of real estate contracts, including sale and purchase, sale and lease back, exchange and surface rights. Andreia is a lecturer in the postgraduate courses at the Law School of the Catholic University of Lisbon and Oporto where she lectures on real estate & tourism joint ventures. Andreia participates as speaker in conferences related with corporate real estate matters and is author of articles on said area of expertise. Education Law Degree (University of Lisbon School of Law, 2006). Post-Graduation in Capital Markets (University of Lisbon School of Law, 2007). Negotiation Techniques for Lawyers (S&atilde;o Paulo Law School, 2011). LL.M. in International Business Law (Cat&oacute;lica Lisbon School of Law, 2014). Languages Portuguese, English and Spanish. Memberships Portuguese Bar Association (admitted in 2009). Areas & Industries Construction and Real Estate Corporate Real Estate and Tourism Tourism and Leisure Related Content Awards Recognitions News Legal Alerts Publications Related Content 14.03.2023 Iberian Property Andreia Bento Sim&otilde;es and Manuel Bragan&ccedil;a Santos sign article for Iberian Property Andreia Bento Simões and Manuel Bragança Santos are the authors of the article "'Green leases' - Is there any added value?", published in the M... Read More 10.03.2023 Advocatus Andreia Bento Sim&otilde;es and Jo&atilde;o Torroaes Valente talk about the "Deal of the Month&rdquo; Andreia Bento Simões and João Torroaes Valente, in the article "Deal of the Month" of the March edition of Advocatus, comment on the operation r... Read More 10.03.2022 Vida Imobili&aacute;ria Opinion article by Andreia Bento Sim&otilde;es | "The new portuguese asset management framework" Andreia Bento Simões signs the opinion article entitled "The new portuguese asset management framework", published in the March edition of the Vida... Read More Contact back Assistant Ana Lopes T +351 213 817 404 Send message Save vCard Download CV back Patrons of the Serralves Foundation's National Contemporary Art Collection Cookie Settings Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Illegal use of name/ brand Code of ethics, integrity and compliance © 2024 Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados - Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL. All rights reserved. Created by AC Brand Design . Developed by SOFTWAY . close * Compulsory field Message disclaimer We welcome your message. Please understand that, if you are not already a client at Morais Leit&atilde;o, we cannot represent you until we verify that doing so would not create a conflict of interest and is otherwise consistent with our policies. Accordingly, please do not include any confidential information until we certify that the firm is in a position to represent you and our engagement is confirmed. I agree to the Privacy Policy of Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados, which I have read and understood. Send &times; Search Suggestions based on your search term: Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge