António Pinto Leite - People - Morais Leitao Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Highlights Expertise People International Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles Contact Us Newsletter About Us Contacts Careers PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us M L M L Highlights Team Genesis ESG Digital defense Tracing cryptoasset transactions Digital Platforms Digital evidence Cybercrime Cybersecurity Class actions Energy transition Risk Management Fit & Proper ML Digital Clusters Tech Transactions Digital Services & E-Commerce Artificial Intelligence Fintech & Blockchain Expertise Practice Areas Administrative and Public Law Expropriations Licensing Public Domain Public Law Litigation Public-Private Partnerships Public Procurement Public Works Contracts Regulation Simplification of procedures Arbitration Mediation Banking and Finance Banking Regulation and Supervision Derivatives Fintech Investment Funds Islamic Financial Law Project Finance Securitisation and Covered Bonds Structured Finance Capital Markets Debt Issues Equity Capital Issues Hybrid Instruments and other Financial Instruments IPOs, Takeovers and other Public Offerings Corporate and M&A Commercial Law Contracts Corporate Governance Corporate Law Mergers, Acquisitions and Joint Ventures Corporate Real Estate and Tourism Construction Real Estate Financing Real Estate Investment and Projects Real Estate Investment Vehicles Tourism Projects Use and Management of Properties Criminal, regulatory offences and compliance Compliance Criminal Litigation International Cooperation in Penal Matters Regulatory offences Data Protection Employment, Pensions and Immigration Employment Law Employment Litigation Social Security and Pensions Environment Environmental Impact Assessment Environmental Licencing Waste and Pollutions European Law and Competition Civil liability actions (private enforcement) Compliance Programmes Constitutional litigation and proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights Control of concentrations European Law and Litigation Practices that restrict competition State aid Intellectual Property Copyrights Industrial Property Litigation Banking and Financial Litigation Commercial and Corporate Litigation Restructuring and Insolvency Insolvency Restructuring Tax Customs Duties and Excise Duties Financial Taxation International Tax Regional and Local Tax Regulatory Charges Tax and General Tax Consultancy Tax Litigation Urban Planning Construction and Land Development Zoning and Urban Planning Industries Agribusiness Banks and Financial Services Construction and Real Estate Defense Energy and Natural Resources Gaming Health and Pharmaceuticals Industrial activities Infrastructure Insurance and Pension Funds Media & Entertainment Private Equity Public Sector Retail and Consumer Goods Sports Telecommunications Tourism and Leisure Transportation: Aviation & Shipping Water, sanitation and waste Wealth Management, Family and Successions Family and Successions Business Solutions Preventive analysys Forensic investigation Assessment.ai Document automation Electronic signature People International Offices Singapore Angola Mozambique Cape Verde Desks Brazilian Desk China Desk French Desk German Desk Indian Desk Other Partnerships Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles About Us The Firm Social Responsibility Awards & Recognitions Contacts Newsletter PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us Ant&oacute;nio Pinto Leite Partner Areas & Industries Related Content Contact Ant&oacute;nio Pinto Leite is a founder of Morais Leit&atilde;o. He co-chaired the firm&rsquo;s board from 2004 to 2012. He has expertise as a lawyer and as an arbitrator in various national and international arbitrations, in particularly complex disputes. He was Chairman of the Arbitration Centre of the Portuguese Chamber of Commerce and Industry between 2019 and 2022. Previously, he was Chairman of the Portuguese Arbitration Association (2017-2019), as well as the Portuguese Member of the ICC International Court of Arbitration (2016-2018) and the Chairman of the Portuguese Committee of the International Court of Arbitration (2014-2016). Ant&oacute;nio Pinto Leite was an Assistant Professor at the University of Lisbon School of Law and at the Cat&oacute;lica Lisbon School of Law and a professor at the postgraduate course in arbitration at the Faculty of Law, Nova University of Lisbon. He&rsquo;s a regular speaker at national and international conferences dedicated to Arbitration law. He was a member of the Superior Council of Magistracy, elected by the Portuguese Parliament (2011-2016), as well as President of the ACEGE &ndash; Association of Christian Entrepreneurs and Managers (2011-2016). In 1992 he established J. Galv&atilde;o Teles, Bleck, Pinto Leite and, in 1994, Morais Leit&atilde;o, Galv&atilde;o Teles &ndash; both part of the inception of our law firm: Morais Leit&atilde;o, Galv&atilde;o Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados. He is now the Chairman of the CUF Ethics Committee, and is responsible for monitoring and deciding on ethical issues arising from medical and hospital activity in CUF's 30 hospitals and clinical centers. "He has a very highly skilled legal mind, he's very bright and he's a fearsome litigator." Chambers Europe Education Law Degree (University of Lisbon School of Law, 1979). Harvard Business School &ndash; Leading Professional Service Firms Program (2005). Postgraduate Studies in Industrial Law (University of Lisbon School of Law, 2006). Languages Portuguese and English. Memberships Portuguese Bar Association (admitted in 1982). Portuguese Arbitration Association. CBar &ndash; Brazilian Committee of Arbitration. Portuguese Section of the ICC &ndash; International Chamber of Commerce. Areas & Industries Arbitration Intellectual Property Litigation Related Content Awards Recognitions News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Publications Related Content 21.05.2024 Morais Leit&atilde;o wins five honours in Leaders League ranking The Leaders League recently released a ranking highlighting Morais Leitão in five practice areas: Arbitrators, Civil and Commercial Litigation,... Read More 11.04.2024 Leaders League highlights Morais Leit&atilde;o in five practice areas The international Leaders League ranking, released today, highlights Morais Leitão in 5 practice areas for the categories: Civil & Commercial... Read More 14.03.2024 Chambers Europe 2024 | Morais Leit&atilde;o highlighted in 21 practice areas In the 2024 edition of the "Chambers Europe 2024" directory, published by Chambers and Partners, Morais Leitão stands out with 13 "Band 1" and 50... Read More Contact back Assistant Lu&iacute;sa Pereira T +351213817455 Send message Save vCard Download CV back Patrons of the Serralves Foundation's National Contemporary Art Collection Cookie Settings Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Illegal use of name/ brand Code of ethics, integrity and compliance © 2024 Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados - Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL. All rights reserved. Created by AC Brand Design . Developed by SOFTWAY . close * Compulsory field Message disclaimer We welcome your message. Please understand that, if you are not already a client at Morais Leit&atilde;o, we cannot represent you until we verify that doing so would not create a conflict of interest and is otherwise consistent with our policies. Accordingly, please do not include any confidential information until we certify that the firm is in a position to represent you and our engagement is confirmed. I agree to the Privacy Policy of Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados, which I have read and understood. Send &times; Search Suggestions based on your search term: Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge