António Queiroz Martins - People - Morais Leitao Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Highlights Expertise People International Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles Contact Us Newsletter About Us Contacts Careers PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us M L M L Highlights Team Genesis ESG Digital defense Tracing cryptoasset transactions Digital Platforms Digital evidence Cybercrime Cybersecurity Class actions Energy transition Risk Management Fit & Proper ML Digital Clusters Tech Transactions Digital Services & E-Commerce Artificial Intelligence Fintech & Blockchain Expertise Practice Areas Administrative and Public Law Expropriations Licensing Public Domain Public Law Litigation Public-Private Partnerships Public Procurement Public Works Contracts Regulation Simplification of procedures Arbitration Mediation Banking and Finance Banking Regulation and Supervision Derivatives Fintech Investment Funds Islamic Financial Law Project Finance Securitisation and Covered Bonds Structured Finance Capital Markets Debt Issues Equity Capital Issues Hybrid Instruments and other Financial Instruments IPOs, Takeovers and other Public Offerings Corporate and M&A Commercial Law Contracts Corporate Governance Corporate Law Mergers, Acquisitions and Joint Ventures Corporate Real Estate and Tourism Construction Real Estate Financing Real Estate Investment and Projects Real Estate Investment Vehicles Tourism Projects Use and Management of Properties Criminal, regulatory offences and compliance Compliance Criminal Litigation International Cooperation in Penal Matters Regulatory offences Data Protection Employment, Pensions and Immigration Employment Law Employment Litigation Social Security and Pensions Environment Environmental Impact Assessment Environmental Licencing Waste and Pollutions European Law and Competition Civil liability actions (private enforcement) Compliance Programmes Constitutional litigation and proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights Control of concentrations European Law and Litigation Practices that restrict competition State aid Intellectual Property Copyrights Industrial Property Litigation Banking and Financial Litigation Commercial and Corporate Litigation Restructuring and Insolvency Insolvency Restructuring Tax Customs Duties and Excise Duties Financial Taxation International Tax Regional and Local Tax Regulatory Charges Tax and General Tax Consultancy Tax Litigation Urban Planning Construction and Land Development Zoning and Urban Planning Industries Agribusiness Banks and Financial Services Construction and Real Estate Defense Energy and Natural Resources Gaming Health and Pharmaceuticals Industrial activities Infrastructure Insurance and Pension Funds Media & Entertainment Private Equity Public Sector Retail and Consumer Goods Sports Telecommunications Tourism and Leisure Transportation: Aviation & Shipping Water, sanitation and waste Wealth Management, Family and Successions Family and Successions Business Solutions Preventive analysys Forensic investigation Assessment.ai Document automation Electronic signature People International Offices Singapore Angola Mozambique Cape Verde Desks Brazilian Desk China Desk French Desk German Desk Indian Desk Other Partnerships Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles About Us The Firm Social Responsibility Awards & Recognitions Contacts Newsletter PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us Ant&oacute;nio Queiroz Martins Managing Associate Areas & Industries Related Content Contact Ant&oacute;nio Queiroz Martins joined the firm in September 2011. He is a member of the tax team and also a member of Team Genesis . Ant&oacute;nio practices in several areas of tax law, both in the domestic and international taxation, namely with questions related with the application of the Double Taxation Agreements and European tax law related with foreign investment in Portugal. His intense activity is focused on matters relating individuals and corporate income tax, with special emphasis in the real estate and banking sector, as well as wealth taxation and startup businesses. Simultaneously, Ant&oacute;nio has dedicated his assistance to high net worth individuals giving legal and tax advice in transactions of private wealth management, asset restructuring and succession structuring. Awards Rising Star - &ldquo;Europe Rising Star Awards 2020&rdquo;, in the category of Tax. Education Law Degree (University of Lisbon School of Law, 2011). LL.M. in Law and European Global Context (Cat&oacute;lica Global School of Law, 2012). Advanced Postgraduate Studies in Tax Law (LUniversity of Lisbon School of Law, 2013). Postgraduate Studies in Taxation (Cat&oacute;lica Lisbon School of Law, 2016). M&A Transactions's Intensive Course (IDEFF, University of Lisbon School of Law, 2017). GREIT Lisbon Summer Course (University of Lisbon School of Law, 2017, 2018). Integral Communication Training for Lawyers (EBA, ML, 2019). IT Technology and Cybersecurity for Lawyers (Instituto Superior T&eacute;cnico, ML, 2020). Stamp Duty Intensive Course (IDEFF, University of Lisbon School of Law, 2021). Accounting for Lawyers Intensive Course (IDEFF, University of Lisbon School of Law, 2021). LL.M in Digitalization &Tax Law (WU &ndash; Executive Academy, 2022). Languages Portuguese, English and Spanish. Memberships Portuguese Bar Association (admitted in 2014). Portuguese Association of Tax Consultants. Portuguese Tax Association. Areas & Industries Tax Wealth Management, Family and Successions Related Content Awards News Legal Alerts Publications Podcasts Related Content 08.11.2024 Ant&oacute;nio Queiroz Martins is a speaker at &lsquo;The New Era of Taxation&rsquo; António Queiroz Martins, managing associate who is part of Morais Leitão's Tax team and Team Genesis, will be a speaker at the conference ‘... Read More 28.08.2024 Morais Leit&atilde;o sees 10 lawyers recognised in &lsquo;ITR World Tax 2025&rsquo; ranking ITR World Tax has announced its individual rankings honouring top tax professionals. The following lawyers are recognised with the highest rankings:... Read More 07.05.2024 Morais Leit&atilde;o promotes new senior associates and managing associates Morais Leitão announces the promotion in category of 16 lawyers: 10 new Senior Associates and 6 new Managing Associates. The promotions represent... Read More Contact back Assistant J&eacute;ssica Santos Leit&atilde;o T +351 213 817 489 Send message Save vCard Download CV back Patrons of the Serralves Foundation's National Contemporary Art Collection Cookie Settings Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Illegal use of name/ brand Code of ethics, integrity and compliance © 2024 Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados - Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL. All rights reserved. Created by AC Brand Design . Developed by SOFTWAY . close * Compulsory field Message disclaimer We welcome your message. Please understand that, if you are not already a client at Morais Leit&atilde;o, we cannot represent you until we verify that doing so would not create a conflict of interest and is otherwise consistent with our policies. Accordingly, please do not include any confidential information until we certify that the firm is in a position to represent you and our engagement is confirmed. I agree to the Privacy Policy of Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados, which I have read and understood. Send &times; Search Suggestions based on your search term: Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge