Ashick Remetula - People - Morais Leitao Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Highlights Expertise People International Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles Contact Us Newsletter About Us Contacts Careers PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us M L M L Highlights Team Genesis ESG Digital defense Tracing cryptoasset transactions Digital Platforms Digital evidence Cybercrime Cybersecurity Class actions Energy transition Risk Management Fit & Proper ML Digital Clusters Tech Transactions Digital Services & E-Commerce Artificial Intelligence Fintech & Blockchain Expertise Practice Areas Administrative and Public Law Expropriations Licensing Public Domain Public Law Litigation Public-Private Partnerships Public Procurement Public Works Contracts Regulation Simplification of procedures Arbitration Mediation Banking and Finance Banking Regulation and Supervision Derivatives Fintech Investment Funds Islamic Financial Law Project Finance Securitisation and Covered Bonds Structured Finance Capital Markets Debt Issues Equity Capital Issues Hybrid Instruments and other Financial Instruments IPOs, Takeovers and other Public Offerings Corporate and M&A Commercial Law Contracts Corporate Governance Corporate Law Mergers, Acquisitions and Joint Ventures Corporate Real Estate and Tourism Construction Real Estate Financing Real Estate Investment and Projects Real Estate Investment Vehicles Tourism Projects Use and Management of Properties Criminal, regulatory offences and compliance Compliance Criminal Litigation International Cooperation in Penal Matters Regulatory offences Data Protection Employment, Pensions and Immigration Employment Law Employment Litigation Social Security and Pensions Environment Environmental Impact Assessment Environmental Licencing Waste and Pollutions European Law and Competition Civil liability actions (private enforcement) Compliance Programmes Constitutional litigation and proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights Control of concentrations European Law and Litigation Practices that restrict competition State aid Intellectual Property Copyrights Industrial Property Litigation Banking and Financial Litigation Commercial and Corporate Litigation Restructuring and Insolvency Insolvency Restructuring Tax Customs Duties and Excise Duties Financial Taxation International Tax Regional and Local Tax Regulatory Charges Tax and General Tax Consultancy Tax Litigation Urban Planning Construction and Land Development Zoning and Urban Planning Industries Agribusiness Banks and Financial Services Construction and Real Estate Defense Energy and Natural Resources Gaming Health and Pharmaceuticals Industrial activities Infrastructure Insurance and Pension Funds Media & Entertainment Private Equity Public Sector Retail and Consumer Goods Sports Telecommunications Tourism and Leisure Transportation: Aviation & Shipping Water, sanitation and waste Wealth Management, Family and Successions Family and Successions Business Solutions Preventive analysys Forensic investigation Assessment.ai Document automation Electronic signature People International Offices Singapore Angola Mozambique Cape Verde Desks Brazilian Desk China Desk French Desk German Desk Indian Desk Other Partnerships Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles About Us The Firm Social Responsibility Awards & Recognitions Contacts Newsletter PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us Ashick Remetula Associate Areas & Industries Related Content Contact Ashick Hussein Remetula joined the Firm in 2023. He is a member of the banking and finance team, as well as a member of Team Genesis . Ashick has experience in Fintech, Finance and Venture Capital/ Private Equity , both on the side of investors and founders/start-ups, and also in Projects, in the Energy and Natural Resources sector, including M&A transactions. Ashick develops his practice in the Fintech area with special emphasis on companies and transactions dealing with new and emerging technologies, matters related with blockchain and web3.0, crypto-assets and NFTs, crowdfunding and ICOs, essentially in the context of attracting and making investments, corporate and regulatory matters. Furthermore, Ashick also has experience in financial transactions, covering structured and project finance, syndicated finance, secured lending and refinancing transactions. He also has experience in Islamic finance (sharia compliant finance). Additionally, he advises in the Venture Capital sector, namely in fund formation and the challenges that arise throughout the life cycle of funds, and investments and divestments. Education Law Degree (Cat&oacute;lica Lisbon School of Law, 2019). Postgraduate studies in Corporate Finance (University of Lisbon School of Law, 2019). Postgraduate studies in Air Law (University of Lisbon School of Law, 2019). Intensive course in Fintech (University of Lisbon School of Law, 2019). Languages Portuguese, English and Spanish. Memberships Portuguese Bar Association (admitted in 2022). Areas & Industries Banking and Finance Related Content News Legal Alerts Publications Podcasts Related Content 14.10.2024 Nicole Fortunato and Ashick Remetula sign the article &lsquo;DORA - Did we really have to have this regulation?&rsquo; Nicole Fortunato, managing associate who is part of the corporate, commercial and M&A, and TMT teams, and Ashick Remetula, associate who is part... Read More 24.09.2024 Nicole Fortunato and Ashick Remetula teach training on the DORA Regulation Nicole Fortunato and Ashick Remetula have been invited by the Banking Training Institute (IFB) to develop and conduct a training course dedicated... Read More 22.04.2024 Ashick Remetula is a speaker at the Lisbon Blockchain Conference 4.0 Ashick Remetula, an associate in the banking and finance team and Team Genesis, will be attending the Lisbon Blockchain Conference 4.0, which... Read More Contact back Assistant Alexandra Patr&iacute;cio T +351 210 091 733 Send message Save vCard Download CV back Patrons of the Serralves Foundation's National Contemporary Art Collection Cookie Settings Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Illegal use of name/ brand Code of ethics, integrity and compliance © 2024 Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados - Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL. All rights reserved. Created by AC Brand Design . Developed by SOFTWAY . close * Compulsory field Message disclaimer We welcome your message. Please understand that, if you are not already a client at Morais Leit&atilde;o, we cannot represent you until we verify that doing so would not create a conflict of interest and is otherwise consistent with our policies. Accordingly, please do not include any confidential information until we certify that the firm is in a position to represent you and our engagement is confirmed. I agree to the Privacy Policy of Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados, which I have read and understood. Send &times; Search Suggestions based on your search term: Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge