Bruno Santiago - People - Morais Leitao Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Highlights Expertise People International Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles Contact Us Newsletter About Us Contacts Careers PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us M L M L Highlights Team Genesis ESG Digital defense Tracing cryptoasset transactions Digital Platforms Digital evidence Cybercrime Cybersecurity Class actions Energy transition Risk Management Fit & Proper ML Digital Clusters Tech Transactions Digital Services & E-Commerce Artificial Intelligence Fintech & Blockchain Expertise Practice Areas Administrative and Public Law Expropriations Licensing Public Domain Public Law Litigation Public-Private Partnerships Public Procurement Public Works Contracts Regulation Simplification of procedures Arbitration Mediation Banking and Finance Banking Regulation and Supervision Derivatives Fintech Investment Funds Islamic Financial Law Project Finance Securitisation and Covered Bonds Structured Finance Capital Markets Debt Issues Equity Capital Issues Hybrid Instruments and other Financial Instruments IPOs, Takeovers and other Public Offerings Corporate and M&A Commercial Law Contracts Corporate Governance Corporate Law Mergers, Acquisitions and Joint Ventures Corporate Real Estate and Tourism Construction Real Estate Financing Real Estate Investment and Projects Real Estate Investment Vehicles Tourism Projects Use and Management of Properties Criminal, regulatory offences and compliance Compliance Criminal Litigation International Cooperation in Penal Matters Regulatory offences Data Protection Employment, Pensions and Immigration Employment Law Employment Litigation Social Security and Pensions Environment Environmental Impact Assessment Environmental Licencing Waste and Pollutions European Law and Competition Civil liability actions (private enforcement) Compliance Programmes Constitutional litigation and proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights Control of concentrations European Law and Litigation Practices that restrict competition State aid Intellectual Property Copyrights Industrial Property Litigation Banking and Financial Litigation Commercial and Corporate Litigation Restructuring and Insolvency Insolvency Restructuring Tax Customs Duties and Excise Duties Financial Taxation International Tax Regional and Local Tax Regulatory Charges Tax and General Tax Consultancy Tax Litigation Urban Planning Construction and Land Development Zoning and Urban Planning Industries Agribusiness Banks and Financial Services Construction and Real Estate Defense Energy and Natural Resources Gaming Health and Pharmaceuticals Industrial activities Infrastructure Insurance and Pension Funds Media & Entertainment Private Equity Public Sector Retail and Consumer Goods Sports Telecommunications Tourism and Leisure Transportation: Aviation & Shipping Water, sanitation and waste Wealth Management, Family and Successions Family and Successions Business Solutions Preventive analysys Forensic investigation Assessment.ai Document automation Electronic signature People International Offices Singapore Angola Mozambique Cape Verde Desks Brazilian Desk China Desk French Desk German Desk Indian Desk Other Partnerships Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles About Us The Firm Social Responsibility Awards & Recognitions Contacts Newsletter PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us Bruno Santiago Partner Areas & Industries Related Content Contact Bruno Santiago joined the firm in 2005. Partner since 2015 and co-coordinator of the tax department. Bruno is a Lawyer Specialist in Tax Law, a title granted by the Portuguese Bar Association, exercising his practice in domestic and international taxation, both in consulting and in litigation and dispute resolution. With over 20 years of experience, he leads teams dedicated to client monitoring in mergers and acquisitions, restructurings and international investment transactions. He is a regular presence in the tax courts, accompanying clients in litigation related to income taxes, VAT, property taxes and stamp duty on financial transactions. Bruno Santiago advises clients in various industries, including energy, oil & gas, real estate and construction, private equity and private clients. He was awarded by the Portuguese Tax Association&rsquo;s 40th Anniversary Award, four times the Client Choice Award (in Corporate Tax and in Private Clients) and also distinguished by Chambers and Partners in the High Net Worth guide and by the Private Client Global Elite Directory . "Bruno is a tax leader in Portugal; he is very skilled and has excellent personal qualities." Chambers Europe Awards Lexology Client Choice Award 2023, in the category of Private Client. Lexology Client Choice Award 2023, in the category of Private Client. Client Choice Award 2021, in the category of Corporate Tax. Education Law Degree (Coimbra Faculty of Law, 2000). Postgraduate Studies in Economic and European Criminal Law (Coimbra Faculty of Law, 2000). Postgraduate Studies in Taxation (ISG - Business & Economics School, 2001). Course in Interpretation and Application of Double Tax Treaties (International Bureau of Fiscal Documentation, 2002). LL.M. in Taxation (London School of Economics and Political Sciences, 2004). Course in Corporate Financing (International Bureau of Fiscal Documentation, 2006). Master&rsquo;s Degree in Corporate Law (University of Lisbon School of Law, 2007). Postgraduate Studies in Accounting Normalization System and IRC Code (Instituto de Direito Econ&oacute;mico, Financeiro e Fiscal da Faculdade de Direito de Lisboa (IDEFF), 2009). Lex Mundi Business Management Program, Cambridge Judge Business School (Cambridge, 2019). INSEAD, Leadership Transition Programme (2021). Languages Portuguese, English, French, Spanish and German. Memberships Portuguese Bar Association (admitted in 2002). Portuguese Association of Tax Consultants. Portuguese Tax Association. International Fiscal Association. International Bar Association. Areas & Industries Health and Pharmaceuticals Restructuring and Insolvency Tax Transportation: Aviation & Shipping Wealth Management, Family and Successions Related Content Awards Recognitions News Legal Alerts Publications Related Content 12.11.2024 Morais Leit&atilde;o recognised as Leading Firm in six categories by Leaders League The Leaders League recently released a ranking highlighting Morais Leitão in seven practice areas for the following categories: Mergers & ... Read More 28.08.2024 Morais Leit&atilde;o sees 10 lawyers recognised in &lsquo;ITR World Tax 2025&rsquo; ranking ITR World Tax has announced its individual rankings honouring top tax professionals. The following lawyers are recognised with the highest rankings:... Read More 18.07.2024 Morais Leit&atilde;o consolidates its position in the &lsquo;High Net Worth 2024&rsquo; guide The firm has maintained its ‘Band 1’ ranking, the highest in the High Net Worth guide, for the sixth consecutive year, since 2019. Morais Lei... Read More Contact back Assistant Ermelinda Vassalo T +351 213 817 435 Send message Save vCard Download CV back Patrons of the Serralves Foundation's National Contemporary Art Collection Cookie Settings Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Illegal use of name/ brand Code of ethics, integrity and compliance © 2024 Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados - Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL. All rights reserved. Created by AC Brand Design . Developed by SOFTWAY . close * Compulsory field Message disclaimer We welcome your message. Please understand that, if you are not already a client at Morais Leit&atilde;o, we cannot represent you until we verify that doing so would not create a conflict of interest and is otherwise consistent with our policies. Accordingly, please do not include any confidential information until we certify that the firm is in a position to represent you and our engagement is confirmed. I agree to the Privacy Policy of Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados, which I have read and understood. Send &times; Search Suggestions based on your search term: Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge