Carlos Botelho Moniz - People - Morais Leitao Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Highlights Expertise People International Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles Contact Us Newsletter About Us Contacts Careers PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us M L M L Highlights Team Genesis ESG Digital defense Tracing cryptoasset transactions Digital Platforms Digital evidence Cybercrime Cybersecurity Class actions Energy transition Risk Management Fit & Proper ML Digital Clusters Tech Transactions Digital Services & E-Commerce Artificial Intelligence Fintech & Blockchain Expertise Practice Areas Administrative and Public Law Expropriations Licensing Public Domain Public Law Litigation Public-Private Partnerships Public Procurement Public Works Contracts Regulation Simplification of procedures Arbitration Mediation Banking and Finance Banking Regulation and Supervision Derivatives Fintech Investment Funds Islamic Financial Law Project Finance Securitisation and Covered Bonds Structured Finance Capital Markets Debt Issues Equity Capital Issues Hybrid Instruments and other Financial Instruments IPOs, Takeovers and other Public Offerings Corporate and M&A Commercial Law Contracts Corporate Governance Corporate Law Mergers, Acquisitions and Joint Ventures Corporate Real Estate and Tourism Construction Real Estate Financing Real Estate Investment and Projects Real Estate Investment Vehicles Tourism Projects Use and Management of Properties Criminal, regulatory offences and compliance Compliance Criminal Litigation International Cooperation in Penal Matters Regulatory offences Data Protection Employment, Pensions and Immigration Employment Law Employment Litigation Social Security and Pensions Environment Environmental Impact Assessment Environmental Licencing Waste and Pollutions European Law and Competition Civil liability actions (private enforcement) Compliance Programmes Constitutional litigation and proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights Control of concentrations European Law and Litigation Practices that restrict competition State aid Intellectual Property Copyrights Industrial Property Litigation Banking and Financial Litigation Commercial and Corporate Litigation Restructuring and Insolvency Insolvency Restructuring Tax Customs Duties and Excise Duties Financial Taxation International Tax Regional and Local Tax Regulatory Charges Tax and General Tax Consultancy Tax Litigation Urban Planning Construction and Land Development Zoning and Urban Planning Industries Agribusiness Banks and Financial Services Construction and Real Estate Defense Energy and Natural Resources Gaming Health and Pharmaceuticals Industrial activities Infrastructure Insurance and Pension Funds Media & Entertainment Private Equity Public Sector Retail and Consumer Goods Sports Telecommunications Tourism and Leisure Transportation: Aviation & Shipping Water, sanitation and waste Wealth Management, Family and Successions Family and Successions Business Solutions Preventive analysys Forensic investigation Assessment.ai Document automation Electronic signature People International Offices Singapore Angola Mozambique Cape Verde Desks Brazilian Desk China Desk French Desk German Desk Indian Desk Other Partnerships Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles About Us The Firm Social Responsibility Awards & Recognitions Contacts Newsletter PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us Carlos Botelho Moniz Partner Areas & Industries Related Content Contact Carlos Botelho Moniz joined the firm in 2001 as a partner. He is a member of the European law and competition team. His experience includes advising and representing clients in competition cases, both at the national and European level, in the areas of anti-trust, merger control and state aids. He has extensive experience in representing Portuguese authorities and private parties before the General Court and the Court of Justice of the European Union. Carlos is a visiting professor at IEP &ndash; Institute for Political Studies / European studies (Universidade Cat&oacute;lica Portuguesa). Regular presence in working sessions, seminars and conferences in the areas of competition and EU Law. "outstanding lawyer with profound knowledge and great capacity to address difficult issues." Chambers Europe Education Law Degree (University of Lisbon School of Law, 1976). Certificate in European Studies/Community Law ( College d' Europe , 1979). Master's Degree in Law and Economics (University of Lisbon School of Law, 1989). Specialist Lawyer in EU and Competition Law, title awarded by the Portuguese Bar Association in 2006. Languages Portuguese, English and French. Memberships Portuguese Bar Association (admitted in 1980). European Lawyers Union (founding member, President 2015-2016). Portuguese Association of European Law (vice-chairman of the board). Association of Portuguese Competition Lawyers (founding member, President 2011-2012). International Bar Association. Areas & Industries European Law and Competition Related Content Awards Recognitions News Legal Alerts Publications Related Content 07.08.2024 WWL highlights 5 Morais Leit&atilde;o lawyers in the Competition category Carlos Botelho Moniz, Joaquim Vieira Peres, Luís Nascimento Ferreira, Pedro Gouveia e Melo and Philipp Melcher were recently honoured by... Read More 14.03.2024 Chambers Europe 2024 | Morais Leit&atilde;o highlighted in 21 practice areas In the 2024 edition of the "Chambers Europe 2024" directory, published by Chambers and Partners, Morais Leitão stands out with 13 "Band 1" and 50... Read More 14.03.2024 Morais Leit&atilde;o partners take part in event on 50 years of law in Portugal Lawyers Carlos Botelho Moniz, Pedro Costa Gonçalves and Rui Patrício will take part in the event "50 years of Law in Portugal: anatomy of a s... Read More Contact back Assistant Alexandra Tops T +351 213 817 457 Send message Save vCard Download CV back Patrons of the Serralves Foundation's National Contemporary Art Collection Cookie Settings Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Illegal use of name/ brand Code of ethics, integrity and compliance © 2024 Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados - Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL. All rights reserved. Created by AC Brand Design . Developed by SOFTWAY . close * Compulsory field Message disclaimer We welcome your message. Please understand that, if you are not already a client at Morais Leit&atilde;o, we cannot represent you until we verify that doing so would not create a conflict of interest and is otherwise consistent with our policies. Accordingly, please do not include any confidential information until we certify that the firm is in a position to represent you and our engagement is confirmed. I agree to the Privacy Policy of Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados, which I have read and understood. Send &times; Search Suggestions based on your search term: Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge