Carlos Osório de Castro - People - Morais Leitao Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Highlights Expertise People International Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles Contact Us Newsletter About Us Contacts Careers PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us M L M L Highlights Team Genesis ESG Digital defense Tracing cryptoasset transactions Digital Platforms Digital evidence Cybercrime Cybersecurity Class actions Energy transition Risk Management Fit & Proper ML Digital Clusters Tech Transactions Digital Services & E-Commerce Artificial Intelligence Fintech & Blockchain Expertise Practice Areas Administrative and Public Law Expropriations Licensing Public Domain Public Law Litigation Public-Private Partnerships Public Procurement Public Works Contracts Regulation Simplification of procedures Arbitration Mediation Banking and Finance Banking Regulation and Supervision Derivatives Fintech Investment Funds Islamic Financial Law Project Finance Securitisation and Covered Bonds Structured Finance Capital Markets Debt Issues Equity Capital Issues Hybrid Instruments and other Financial Instruments IPOs, Takeovers and other Public Offerings Corporate and M&A Commercial Law Contracts Corporate Governance Corporate Law Mergers, Acquisitions and Joint Ventures Corporate Real Estate and Tourism Construction Real Estate Financing Real Estate Investment and Projects Real Estate Investment Vehicles Tourism Projects Use and Management of Properties Criminal, regulatory offences and compliance Compliance Criminal Litigation International Cooperation in Penal Matters Regulatory offences Data Protection Employment, Pensions and Immigration Employment Law Employment Litigation Social Security and Pensions Environment Environmental Impact Assessment Environmental Licencing Waste and Pollutions European Law and Competition Civil liability actions (private enforcement) Compliance Programmes Constitutional litigation and proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights Control of concentrations European Law and Litigation Practices that restrict competition State aid Intellectual Property Copyrights Industrial Property Litigation Banking and Financial Litigation Commercial and Corporate Litigation Restructuring and Insolvency Insolvency Restructuring Tax Customs Duties and Excise Duties Financial Taxation International Tax Regional and Local Tax Regulatory Charges Tax and General Tax Consultancy Tax Litigation Urban Planning Construction and Land Development Zoning and Urban Planning Industries Agribusiness Banks and Financial Services Construction and Real Estate Defense Energy and Natural Resources Gaming Health and Pharmaceuticals Industrial activities Infrastructure Insurance and Pension Funds Media & Entertainment Private Equity Public Sector Retail and Consumer Goods Sports Telecommunications Tourism and Leisure Transportation: Aviation & Shipping Water, sanitation and waste Wealth Management, Family and Successions Family and Successions Business Solutions Preventive analysys Forensic investigation Assessment.ai Document automation Electronic signature People International Offices Singapore Angola Mozambique Cape Verde Desks Brazilian Desk China Desk French Desk German Desk Indian Desk Other Partnerships Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles About Us The Firm Social Responsibility Awards & Recognitions Contacts Newsletter PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us Carlos Os&oacute;rio de Castro Partner Areas & Industries Related Content Contact Carlos Os&oacute;rio de Castro became a partner in 2006. He is a member of the corporate and M&A and capital markets team. Carlos is one of the most well-known Portuguese lawyers in the areas of capital markets and M&A, a reputation earned due to his participation in major projects involving both national and international clients. A Senior Assistant Professor at the Cat&oacute;lica Porto School of Law from 1982 to 2002, from 1996 onwards he became responsible for the chair of Capital Markets. Carlos is one of the members of the Review Committee of the Portuguese Securities Code. He was a partner at Os&oacute;rio de Castro, Verde Pinho, Vieira Peres, Lobo Xavier e Associados &ndash; Sociedade de Advogados between 1989 and 2005. "outstanding lawyer with profound knowledge and great capacity to address difficult issues." Chambers Europe Education Law Degree (Coimbra Faculty of Law, 1982). Master's Degree in Legal Business (Coimbra Faculty of Law). Languages Portuguese, English, French and German. Memberships Portuguese Bar Association (admitted in 1984). Areas & Industries Banks and Financial Services Capital Markets Corporate and M&A Intellectual Property Media & Entertainment Restructuring and Insolvency Retail and Consumer Goods Sports Related Content Awards Recognitions News Publications Related Content 12.11.2024 Morais Leit&atilde;o recognised as Leading Firm in six categories by Leaders League The Leaders League recently released a ranking highlighting Morais Leitão in seven practice areas for the following categories: Mergers & ... Read More 13.09.2024 Morais Leit&atilde;o strengthens its lead in the 2024 IFLR1000 ranking Morais Leitão was once again distinguished as a Tier 1 firm in the areas analyzed - Banking and Finance, Capital Markets (Debt and Equity),... Read More 14.03.2024 Chambers Europe 2024 | Morais Leit&atilde;o highlighted in 21 practice areas In the 2024 edition of the "Chambers Europe 2024" directory, published by Chambers and Partners, Morais Leitão stands out with 13 "Band 1" and 50... Read More Contact back Assistant Ivone Pinto T +351 226 166 968 Send message Save vCard Download CV back Patrons of the Serralves Foundation's National Contemporary Art Collection Cookie Settings Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Illegal use of name/ brand Code of ethics, integrity and compliance © 2024 Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados - Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL. All rights reserved. Created by AC Brand Design . Developed by SOFTWAY . close * Compulsory field Message disclaimer We welcome your message. Please understand that, if you are not already a client at Morais Leit&atilde;o, we cannot represent you until we verify that doing so would not create a conflict of interest and is otherwise consistent with our policies. Accordingly, please do not include any confidential information until we certify that the firm is in a position to represent you and our engagement is confirmed. I agree to the Privacy Policy of Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados, which I have read and understood. Send &times; Search Suggestions based on your search term: Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge