Catarina Brito Ferreira - People - Morais Leitao Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Highlights Expertise People International Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles Contact Us Newsletter About Us Contacts Careers PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us M L M L Highlights Team Genesis ESG Digital defense Tracing cryptoasset transactions Digital Platforms Digital evidence Cybercrime Cybersecurity Class actions Energy transition Risk Management Fit & Proper ML Digital Clusters Tech Transactions Digital Services & E-Commerce Artificial Intelligence Fintech & Blockchain Expertise Practice Areas Administrative and Public Law Expropriations Licensing Public Domain Public Law Litigation Public-Private Partnerships Public Procurement Public Works Contracts Regulation Simplification of procedures Arbitration Mediation Banking and Finance Banking Regulation and Supervision Derivatives Fintech Investment Funds Islamic Financial Law Project Finance Securitisation and Covered Bonds Structured Finance Capital Markets Debt Issues Equity Capital Issues Hybrid Instruments and other Financial Instruments IPOs, Takeovers and other Public Offerings Corporate and M&A Commercial Law Contracts Corporate Governance Corporate Law Mergers, Acquisitions and Joint Ventures Corporate Real Estate and Tourism Construction Real Estate Financing Real Estate Investment and Projects Real Estate Investment Vehicles Tourism Projects Use and Management of Properties Criminal, regulatory offences and compliance Compliance Criminal Litigation International Cooperation in Penal Matters Regulatory offences Data Protection Employment, Pensions and Immigration Employment Law Employment Litigation Social Security and Pensions Environment Environmental Impact Assessment Environmental Licencing Waste and Pollutions European Law and Competition Civil liability actions (private enforcement) Compliance Programmes Constitutional litigation and proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights Control of concentrations European Law and Litigation Practices that restrict competition State aid Intellectual Property Copyrights Industrial Property Litigation Banking and Financial Litigation Commercial and Corporate Litigation Restructuring and Insolvency Insolvency Restructuring Tax Customs Duties and Excise Duties Financial Taxation International Tax Regional and Local Tax Regulatory Charges Tax and General Tax Consultancy Tax Litigation Urban Planning Construction and Land Development Zoning and Urban Planning Industries Agribusiness Banks and Financial Services Construction and Real Estate Defense Energy and Natural Resources Gaming Health and Pharmaceuticals Industrial activities Infrastructure Insurance and Pension Funds Media & Entertainment Private Equity Public Sector Retail and Consumer Goods Sports Telecommunications Tourism and Leisure Transportation: Aviation & Shipping Water, sanitation and waste Wealth Management, Family and Successions Family and Successions Business Solutions Preventive analysys Forensic investigation Assessment.ai Document automation Electronic signature People International Offices Singapore Angola Mozambique Cape Verde Desks Brazilian Desk China Desk French Desk German Desk Indian Desk Other Partnerships Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles About Us The Firm Social Responsibility Awards & Recognitions Contacts Newsletter PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us Catarina Brito Ferreira Partner Areas & Industries Related Content Contact Catarina Brito Ferreira joined the firm in 2003 and became a partner in 2017. She is a member of the corporate and M&A and capital markets practice area, distinguished by her work in the energy and infrastructure sectors. In the area of corporate and commercial law, she has acted as legal advisor in several mergers, acquisitions and disposals of companies, including among others, the acquisition and disposal of companies with head offices in Portugal and outside Portugal, on behalf of domestic and foreign clients in various sectors, with particular emphasis on energy and infrastructures. Most of her work has in fact been developed in the energy law area, having provided legal advice not only in the context of M&A transactions, but also in public tender bids and specializing in energy law regulation. Catarina Brito Ferreira also provides general legal advice to numerous companies (national and foreign) in the areas of commercial and corporate law. Winner of the Iberian Lawyer &ldquo;40 under Forty Awards&rdquo; (Energy) and of the IFLR &ldquo;Europe Rising Stars Awards&rdquo; (Energy and Natural Resources), both in 2019. In 2022, she was also distinguished, by the Iberian Lawyer Energy Awards, as Lawyer of the Year in the Infrastructure practice area. "She is technically excellent," Chambers Europe Awards Rising Star - &ldquo;Europe Rising Star Awards 2019&rdquo;, in the category of Energy and Natural Resources. Education Law Degree (Nova Law School, 2003). Postgraduate Studies in Commercial Law (Cat&oacute;lica Lisbon School of Law, 2006). Master's Degree in Legal Studies (Nova Law School, 2011). Languages Portuguese, English, French and Spanish. Memberships Portuguese Bar Association (admitted in 2005). Areas & Industries Capital Markets Corporate and M&A Energy and Natural Resources Infrastructure Related Content Awards Recognitions News Legal Alerts Publications Podcasts Related Content 12.11.2024 Morais Leit&atilde;o recognised as Leading Firm in six categories by Leaders League The Leaders League recently released a ranking highlighting Morais Leitão in seven practice areas for the following categories: Mergers & ... Read More 13.09.2024 Morais Leit&atilde;o strengthens its lead in the 2024 IFLR1000 ranking Morais Leitão was once again distinguished as a Tier 1 firm in the areas analyzed - Banking and Finance, Capital Markets (Debt and Equity),... Read More 20.06.2024 WWL Energy 2024 highlights 5 Morais Leit&atilde;o lawyers Catarina Brito Ferreira, Nuno Galvão Teles, Ricardo Andrade Amaro and Tomás Vaz Pinto have once again been recognised by the Who's Who L... Read More Contact back Assistant Susana Ramos T +351 213 817 423 Send message Save vCard Download CV back Patrons of the Serralves Foundation's National Contemporary Art Collection Cookie Settings Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Illegal use of name/ brand Code of ethics, integrity and compliance © 2024 Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados - Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL. All rights reserved. Created by AC Brand Design . Developed by SOFTWAY . close * Compulsory field Message disclaimer We welcome your message. Please understand that, if you are not already a client at Morais Leit&atilde;o, we cannot represent you until we verify that doing so would not create a conflict of interest and is otherwise consistent with our policies. Accordingly, please do not include any confidential information until we certify that the firm is in a position to represent you and our engagement is confirmed. I agree to the Privacy Policy of Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados, which I have read and understood. Send &times; Search Suggestions based on your search term: Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge