Catarina Levy Osório - People - Morais Leitao Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Highlights Expertise People International Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles Contact Us Newsletter About Us Contacts Careers PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us M L M L Highlights Team Genesis ESG Digital defense Tracing cryptoasset transactions Digital Platforms Digital evidence Cybercrime Cybersecurity Class actions Energy transition Risk Management Fit & Proper ML Digital Clusters Tech Transactions Digital Services & E-Commerce Artificial Intelligence Fintech & Blockchain Expertise Practice Areas Administrative and Public Law Expropriations Licensing Public Domain Public Law Litigation Public-Private Partnerships Public Procurement Public Works Contracts Regulation Simplification of procedures Arbitration Mediation Banking and Finance Banking Regulation and Supervision Derivatives Fintech Investment Funds Islamic Financial Law Project Finance Securitisation and Covered Bonds Structured Finance Capital Markets Debt Issues Equity Capital Issues Hybrid Instruments and other Financial Instruments IPOs, Takeovers and other Public Offerings Corporate and M&A Commercial Law Contracts Corporate Governance Corporate Law Mergers, Acquisitions and Joint Ventures Corporate Real Estate and Tourism Construction Real Estate Financing Real Estate Investment and Projects Real Estate Investment Vehicles Tourism Projects Use and Management of Properties Criminal, regulatory offences and compliance Compliance Criminal Litigation International Cooperation in Penal Matters Regulatory offences Data Protection Employment, Pensions and Immigration Employment Law Employment Litigation Social Security and Pensions Environment Environmental Impact Assessment Environmental Licencing Waste and Pollutions European Law and Competition Civil liability actions (private enforcement) Compliance Programmes Constitutional litigation and proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights Control of concentrations European Law and Litigation Practices that restrict competition State aid Intellectual Property Copyrights Industrial Property Litigation Banking and Financial Litigation Commercial and Corporate Litigation Restructuring and Insolvency Insolvency Restructuring Tax Customs Duties and Excise Duties Financial Taxation International Tax Regional and Local Tax Regulatory Charges Tax and General Tax Consultancy Tax Litigation Urban Planning Construction and Land Development Zoning and Urban Planning Industries Agribusiness Banks and Financial Services Construction and Real Estate Defense Energy and Natural Resources Gaming Health and Pharmaceuticals Industrial activities Infrastructure Insurance and Pension Funds Media & Entertainment Private Equity Public Sector Retail and Consumer Goods Sports Telecommunications Tourism and Leisure Transportation: Aviation & Shipping Water, sanitation and waste Wealth Management, Family and Successions Family and Successions Business Solutions Preventive analysys Forensic investigation Assessment.ai Document automation Electronic signature People International Offices Singapore Angola Mozambique Cape Verde Desks Brazilian Desk China Desk French Desk German Desk Indian Desk Other Partnerships Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles About Us The Firm Social Responsibility Awards & Recognitions Contacts Newsletter PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us Catarina Levy Os&oacute;rio Partner Areas & Industries Related Content Contact Catarina Levy Os&oacute;rio joined the firm in 2010, became partner in 2016, and coordinates matters related to Angola. She is a founding partner at ALC Advogados, the Angolan member of the network Morais Leit&atilde;o Legal Circle. Catarina is a member of the Angolan and Portuguese Bar Associations and has relevant experience in the Angolan market by accompanying and advising in the areas of private investment, tax and labor, and mergers and acquisitions, which involve private investment, corporate, foreign exchange and tax legislation matters. She also provides general legal advice to domestic and foreign companies in the commercial, corporate and real estate areas. Prior to founding ALC Advogados, she worked at another law firm as a consultant to the tax department and as a senior tax consultant of a major international consulting firm. In both firms she provided assistance to clients from different sectors on VAT and other indirect tax matters, acquiring relevant experience on the development of tax diagnostics and on the implementation of corporate structures following their tax impacts. She is a frequent speaker at seminars and conferences, and collaborates regularly with various international publications, being distinguished in the context of Angolan law by international directories such as Chambers and IFLR. Education Law Degree (Cat&oacute;lica Porto School of Law, 1998). Languages Portuguese, English and Italian. Memberships Portuguese Bar Association (admitted in 2000). Angola Bar Association (admitted in 2008). Areas & Industries Banks and Financial Services Construction and Real Estate Corporate and M&A Energy and Natural Resources Tax Related Content Awards Recognitions News Legal Alerts Publications Related Content 30.09.2024 Catarina Levy Os&oacute;rio and Elmano Sousa Costa take part in the Angola Oil & Gas 2024 conference Catarina Levy Osório and Elmano Sousa Costa will be moderators at the Angola Oil & Gas (AOG) 2024 conference, taking place on 2-3 October, in Lu... Read More 28.08.2024 Morais Leit&atilde;o sees 10 lawyers recognised in &lsquo;ITR World Tax 2025&rsquo; ranking ITR World Tax has announced its individual rankings honouring top tax professionals. The following lawyers are recognised with the highest rankings:... Read More 15.02.2024 Morais Leit&atilde;o tops the Chambers Global Legal Guide 2024 directory The results of the "Global Legal Guide 2024", published by the renowned Chambers and Partners directory, were released today. Morais Leitão is at... Read More Contact back Assistant Jaqueline Catarino T +351 210 050 525 Send message Save vCard Download CV back Patrons of the Serralves Foundation's National Contemporary Art Collection Cookie Settings Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Illegal use of name/ brand Code of ethics, integrity and compliance © 2024 Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados - Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL. All rights reserved. Created by AC Brand Design . Developed by SOFTWAY . close * Compulsory field Message disclaimer We welcome your message. Please understand that, if you are not already a client at Morais Leit&atilde;o, we cannot represent you until we verify that doing so would not create a conflict of interest and is otherwise consistent with our policies. Accordingly, please do not include any confidential information until we certify that the firm is in a position to represent you and our engagement is confirmed. I agree to the Privacy Policy of Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados, which I have read and understood. Send &times; Search Suggestions based on your search term: Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge