Claudia Santos Cruz - People - Morais Leitao Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge Highlights Expertise People International Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles Contact Us Newsletter About Us Contacts Careers PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us M L M L Highlights Team Genesis ESG Digital defense Tracing cryptoasset transactions Digital Platforms Digital evidence Cybercrime Cybersecurity Class actions Energy transition Risk Management Fit & Proper ML Digital Clusters Tech Transactions Digital Services & E-Commerce Artificial Intelligence Fintech & Blockchain Expertise Practice Areas Administrative and Public Law Expropriations Licensing Public Domain Public Law Litigation Public-Private Partnerships Public Procurement Public Works Contracts Regulation Simplification of procedures Arbitration Mediation Banking and Finance Banking Regulation and Supervision Derivatives Fintech Investment Funds Islamic Financial Law Project Finance Securitisation and Covered Bonds Structured Finance Capital Markets Debt Issues Equity Capital Issues Hybrid Instruments and other Financial Instruments IPOs, Takeovers and other Public Offerings Corporate and M&A Commercial Law Contracts Corporate Governance Corporate Law Mergers, Acquisitions and Joint Ventures Corporate Real Estate and Tourism Construction Real Estate Financing Real Estate Investment and Projects Real Estate Investment Vehicles Tourism Projects Use and Management of Properties Criminal, regulatory offences and compliance Compliance Criminal Litigation International Cooperation in Penal Matters Regulatory offences Data Protection Employment, Pensions and Immigration Employment Law Employment Litigation Social Security and Pensions Environment Environmental Impact Assessment Environmental Licencing Waste and Pollutions European Law and Competition Civil liability actions (private enforcement) Compliance Programmes Constitutional litigation and proceedings before the European Court of Human Rights Control of concentrations European Law and Litigation Practices that restrict competition State aid Intellectual Property Copyrights Industrial Property Litigation Banking and Financial Litigation Commercial and Corporate Litigation Restructuring and Insolvency Insolvency Restructuring Tax Customs Duties and Excise Duties Financial Taxation International Tax Regional and Local Tax Regulatory Charges Tax and General Tax Consultancy Tax Litigation Urban Planning Construction and Land Development Zoning and Urban Planning Industries Agribusiness Banks and Financial Services Construction and Real Estate Defense Energy and Natural Resources Gaming Health and Pharmaceuticals Industrial activities Infrastructure Insurance and Pension Funds Media & Entertainment Private Equity Public Sector Retail and Consumer Goods Sports Telecommunications Tourism and Leisure Transportation: Aviation & Shipping Water, sanitation and waste Wealth Management, Family and Successions Family and Successions Business Solutions Preventive analysys Forensic investigation Assessment.ai Document automation Electronic signature People International Offices Singapore Angola Mozambique Cape Verde Desks Brazilian Desk China Desk French Desk German Desk Indian Desk Other Partnerships Knowledge News Legal Comment Legal Alerts Podcasts Publications Instituto Miguel Galvão Teles About Us The Firm Social Responsibility Awards & Recognitions Contacts Newsletter PT EN Careers Lawyers Trainees Business Support Newsletter Contact us Claudia Santos Cruz Partner Areas & Industries Related Content Contact Claudia Santos Cruz joined the firm in 2015, assisting clients on the international and cross border aspects of their investments in Portugal and Lusophone Africa, including Angola; Mozambique and Cape Verde. She is co-head of the Lusophone Africa practice team at Morais Leit&atilde;o which is dedicated to deals; transactions and advising international clients investing in these markets. Claudia and her team work on a daily basis with ML Legal Circle integrated law firms in Angola, Mozambique and Cape Verde and she is herself a member of the MDR Advogados team in Mozambique. Claudia coordinates the international Oil & Gas team (including mining) and Shipping practice at ML and is also a member of the international Banking & Finance department. Claudia has close ties to both Africa and England. She was born in Mozambique; grew up in South Africa and holds dual Portuguese and Mozambican nationality. She trained and practiced as an English solicitor from 1994 to 2005 at DLA Piper and Watson Farley & Williams in the City of London. From 2005 to date Claudia has been based in Lisbon and is registered with the Portuguese Bar Association. Before joining Morais Leit&atilde;o she was a partner at a Lisbon based law firm with integrated offices in Mozambique and Angola. In 2018 Claudia registered with the Mozambique Bar Association. Claudia has written articles for international publications as well as participating as a speaker at international conferences in the areas of investment in emerging markets; oil & gas, corporate, banking & finance and shipping related matters. Winner of the first "40 under Forty Award" organised by Iberian Lawyer which distinguished the best 40 lawyers under the age of 40 in Iberia. Ranked as a leading lawyer by the most prestigious international legal Directories such as Chambers & Partners and IFLR. Specialist in areas such as Energy and Mineral Resources (Oil & Gas / Mining), international aspects of foreign investment into Lusophone Africa jurisdictions, Banking & Finance , Corporate and Shipping. She was also nominated a Maritime Arbitrator / Expert by the CONC&Ograve;RDIA Maritime Arbitration, Conciliation and Conflict Mediation Centre. "Outstanding, not only in terms of quality of service and responsiveness but also because of the valuable insight she brings." Chambers Europe Awards Lawyer of the Year - Women in Business Law Awards 2022 EMEA, in the category of Shipping & Maritime. Education Law Degree (University of Southampton, England, 1993). Legal Practice Course &ndash; LPC (College of Law Guildford, England, 1994). Post graduate training courses in Banking & Finance; Corporate / Commercial law, Restructuring & Insolvency (Central Law Training, London, England). Oil & Gas Specialisation (Central Law Training, London, England, 2013 & 2014). International Petroleum Transactions module of the LLM (Cat&oacute;lica Lisbon School of Law, 2017). Languages Portuguese and English. Memberships Solicitor of the Supreme Court of England & Wales (since 1996) (non-practicing). Portuguese Bar Association (2005). Mozambique Bar Association (2018). Commonwealth Lawyers Association. International Distribution Institute (IDI) &ndash; Country Expert for Portugal &ndash; Franchising/Agency and Distribution. Member of Association of International Energy Negotiators. IBA African Regional Forum. International Bar Association positions held: Officer European Regional Forum 2009; Vice Chair European Regional Forum; 2010 and 2011; Senior Vice Chair European Regional Forum 2012 and 2013; IBA Oil & Gas Committee Officer, 2021; African Regional Forum Officer, 2024. Women's International Shipping & Trading Association (WISTA), 2023. Areas & Industries Banking and Finance Banks and Financial Services Corporate and M&A Energy and Natural Resources Transportation: Aviation & Shipping Related Content Awards Recognitions News Legal Alerts Publications Related Content 25.10.2024 Schiedermair and Morais Leit&atilde;o host the 12th Global Franchise Forum in Lisbon The event is taking place between 29 and 31 October at Morais Leitão’s offices in Lisbon The Global Franchise Forum is organised by Franchise Po... Read More 08.10.2024 Launch of the book &lsquo;Maritime Law of Mozambique: Collection of Legislation&rsquo; On 7 October, the book ‘Direito Marítimo de Moçambique: Colectânea de Legislação’ was launched. The event, which took place at the CELO Store in... Read More 13.09.2024 Morais Leit&atilde;o strengthens its lead in the 2024 IFLR1000 ranking Morais Leitão was once again distinguished as a Tier 1 firm in the areas analyzed - Banking and Finance, Capital Markets (Debt and Equity),... Read More Contact back Assistant Alexandra Patr&iacute;cio T +351 210 091 733 Send message Save vCard Download CV back Patrons of the Serralves Foundation's National Contemporary Art Collection Cookie Settings Cookies Policy Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Illegal use of name/ brand Code of ethics, integrity and compliance © 2024 Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados - Sociedade de Advogados, SP, RL. All rights reserved. Created by AC Brand Design . Developed by SOFTWAY . close * Compulsory field Message disclaimer We welcome your message. Please understand that, if you are not already a client at Morais Leit&atilde;o, we cannot represent you until we verify that doing so would not create a conflict of interest and is otherwise consistent with our policies. Accordingly, please do not include any confidential information until we certify that the firm is in a position to represent you and our engagement is confirmed. I agree to the Privacy Policy of Morais Leitão, Galvão Teles, Soares da Silva & Associados, which I have read and understood. Send &times; Search Suggestions based on your search term: Please note, your browser is out of date. For a good browsing experience we recommend using the latest version of: Chrome Safari Firefox Edge